Colette's proposal

1) What is the purpose of your website? 
Share Your Meal website promotes reduction of food wastage and provides a platform for community events and sponsorship programs. 

Share Your Meal is a social project that incentivizes reduction of food wastage by setting up a scheme in local restaurants that allow customers to purchase a meal with reduced portions at full price. Each reduced meal will earn one food credit and once sufficient credits are collected, it can be exchanged for a standard meal food voucher. This voucher can be donated or redistributed to their own community.

2) Why would a user come to your website?
Look for minimal waste restaurants that sells food vouchers in a specific district
Get updates and resources on food wastage
Follow our blog which showcases success stories in the community
Sign up for newsletter for upcoming events (don't have to be a users, users have the option to receive newsletters)
Search for upcoming events
Post or join upcoming events (users only)
Donate to a set up package to kickstart the program at a random restuarant in the selected district (users only)
Search and connect with ambassadors in their district who has made their profile public (TBD)
Join and become a guests, which can be upgraded to ambassador status when they join an event (TBD)

3) What will a user see on the landing page (your homepage)? 
Featured articles
Upcoming events
What we are about
Call to actions (TBD)

4) What is the incentive for a user to sign up for an account? 
Keep up to date with community events in their own district
Easy way to donate to set up of a minimal food waste restaurant in their own community

5) What kind of things can users do once they log in—what new actions are available to them?
RSVP and post new events
Donate to the set up of a restaurant in a selected district

6) What is the minimum amount of personal information you need to collect from your user? 
-email
-district of residence
-district(s) to watch for
-facebook ??

Donation purpose only
-credit card / paypal info
-name
-address
-phone number
-email


Additional Questions:

7) How would you model your final project in terms of classes and objects?
um...
Class = users; Object = individual users 
Class = events; Object = individual events 
Class = restaurants; Object = individual restaurants

8) What objects will you need to describe, what attributes will they have, and how will they interact with each other?
Individual users (user_ID, password, name, email)
Individual events (name, date, location, number of attendees)
Individual restaurants (name, location, phone, website/open rice link, voucher scheme, credit issued, vouchers issued, vouchers redeemed)

Users can search, attend or create events.
Users can search restaurants and (TBD) maybe comment on the restaurants?
Some users can update restaurant list.
Restaurants and events are independent.

9) What relationships will your objects have with each other?
Users and restaurants are independent to each other.
Users can create or attend multiple events

10) What is the most compelling feature of the site?
The site serves as a platform to search for and update the database of 1) partner restaurants and 2) district events. Users can receive notifications on any of the above updates (new restuarants and events) in their own district.
A TBD element is the donation aspect, users may be able to support the set up cost of a potential restuarant in their own district via a standard donation.
