Project Proposal #1: Music idea

What is the purpose of your website? 
The purpose of my website is to provide a simple consolidated listing of live music events in Hong Kong across all genres.
Most compelling/coolest/interest/unique feature is users get efficient/consolidated information about all genres of live music happening in Hong Kong. 
Right now the available options are highly fragmented -- various facebook pages hosted by music venues and specific genres' community, major ticketing websites, etc. 

Why would a user come to your website?
Users would come to my website to find information about live music events or contribute to the event listings. 

What will a user see on the landing page (your homepage)? 
They will see a calendar and/or listing view of upcoming music events in Hong Kong.
They will see other tabs for ¡§about us / contact us¡¨, and also a log in function. 
There will also be a search function to search for music events.

What is the incentive for a user to sign up for an account? 
There are 2 incentives for users to sign up:
1. Receive information: e-mail reminders of upcoming events they¡¦d like to attend, and maybe a monthly or weekly e-mail regarding major/featured live music events.
2. Contribute information: there is probably a lack of APIs that I could use to get event listings etc especially for small venues or local/non-international music events. Hence the website will also need to rely on users¡¦ contributions. 

What kind of things can users do once they log in¡Xwhat new actions are available to them?
Once users log in, they can:
1. Edit their personal information collected for the website ¡V first name, last name, username, password, e-mail.
2. Edit music event listings ¡V add, edit, delete. 
What more can my site offer them after logging in -- Set up reminders or e-mail alerts of music events they plan to attend or would be interested in (ie. users tick some genre of music preference). 

What is the minimum amount of personal information you need to collect from your user? 
First name, last name, username, password, e-mail.
